it didn't come as a massive surprise
because they're always Tommy no prepare
like in my play Sunday when I didn't get
selected for Friday but maybe Easter
Laden was able to play mega otter played
for Carson in that fifth one so I was
ready to go so no but let me know quite
early soon as Laden was heard I said get
ready to play you might be playing
tomorrow obviously very disappointing
but it won't matter one little bit if
Carson get through no belief he can sir
we'll have a good time tonight as long
as he can get the job done we sort of
already knew before the Devils he might
only have one good match left in him so
I was already always ready to play on
Sunday and was actually great
opportunity he's high rank than me were
two one up so nothing to lose and you
know I had every chance to win but you
just be too tough for me today you
always do playing for your country I
mean all the boys on the bench you know
you just want to do it so badly through
their men no pride myself on fitness but
Indian today cost me a little bit my son
and cramp didn't go in the fourth set
and try not to show up but start off
with the cars and a few twin years in
the hammies in the quads and I'd know if
I was nerves or humidity or just didn't
have enough to eat this morning but you
know pretty disappointed about that
pizza was great here so my witness said
you know you he was standing heard he
thought so he said you win he said you
might win the fourth and the fifth and
you never know so you know he the
doormat to such love down you just
concentrate on his food said here and
that's what I did I just
it stiff not to break him he's not the
biggest server going around and not to
break him in four sets is you know a
little bit disappointing he did come up
with some good service when he was down
break points but still in a four set
match
she's not right as hard as was to try to
stay positive I'll try to stay positive
and pump pump him up I was hanging dog
but when he was in that heat you know so
we can do this you know and just give me
positive energy and I hope you know I'll
be waiting you know one of my best I
mean two times a gem was losing the
first day in here so I know I had to do
in my match to stay in the tight so it
was not that easy neither and to be
leader car sternum and Peter into
singers for me it's a great it's really
two great win for me
and more especially for the team you
know so often oh really Steve can can
finish but of course I will never forget
to win both singers against a country
like Australia it's made it for me yeah
me because we are a family you know we
each other since we were so young and
you know we play we play for each other
we dare have spent a great week or
together we have fun and we want to win
first and for our country you know what
we play we play for each other so we
look at each other all the time there on
the bench and try to get some energy you
know it's tough mr. five is very tough
these are umid tough matches so we need
each other you know on the bench
yeah I mean I think today I was really
lucky also lack in the first Iraq I was
losing three zero five two and I think
if I lose this sectional it would have
been even tougher so I gather we were
lucky there then I won the second and
then that was 676 after we couldn't
break each other it was very close a
little beer or no two balls Peter miss
from this you know the breakpoint and
then he gets some crimes in his card but
you know it was a saying for said sweet
Iraq you know it wouldn't be so easy if
you can win and beat Australia uh I
think would be one of the best yeah the
best win for us you know ever in Davis
Cup you know but you know there is no
Steve was playing good in practice
stepped ashore but if I'd really go to
there so we'll see I it there is Kappa